New entry for docs repository "setUTCFullYear" (#2606)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setUTCFullYear/setUTCFullYear.md

---
Title: 'setUTCFullYear()'

> Description: 'setUTCFullYear() method of Date instances'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to set the year value of a Date object in UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)'
```
Description should be small and descriptive explanation of what the function will does.

> Description: 'Used to set the year value of a Date object in UTC (Coordinated Universal Time)'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to set the year value of a Date object in UTC (Coordinated Universal Time).'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'

> Tags:
>   - 'javascript'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-javascript'
>   - 'docs/content/javascript/concepts/dates/terms/setUTCFullYear/setUTCFullYear.md'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tags:
  - 'Date'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
```

---

> # Date.prototype.setUTCFullYear()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Date.prototype.setUTCFullYear()
```

> ## Date.prototype.setUTCFullYear()
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
No leading header, the title in the metadata provides that.

The **`setUTCFullYear()`** method of `Date` instances changes the year for this date according to universal time.

## Syntax

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo 
```

> The **`setUTCFullYear()`** method of `Date` instances changes the year for this date according to universal time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`setUTCFullYear()`** method of `Date` instances changes the year for the date according to UTC (Coordinated Universal Time).
```

setUTCFullYear(yearValue)
setUTCFullYear(yearValue, monthValue)
setUTCFullYear(yearValue, monthValue, dateValue)
```

> ### Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Parameters
```

> ## Parameters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Parameters:
```

**`yearValue`**
- An integer representing the year. For example, 1995.

**`monthValue`** *Optional*
- An integer representing the month: 0 for January, 1 for February, and so on.

**`dateValue`** *Optional*
- An integer between 1 and 31 representing the day of the month. If you specify dateValue, you must also specify monthValue.

> ### Return value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Return value
```

> **`yearValue`**
> - An integer representing the year. For example, 1995.
> 
> **`monthValue`** *Optional*
> - An integer representing the month: 0 for January, 1 for February, and so on.
> 
> **`dateValue`** *Optional*
> - An integer between 1 and 31 representing the day of the month. If you specify dateValue, you must also specify monthValue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `yearValue`: An integer representing the year. For example, 1995.
- `monthValue`: (Optional) An integer representing the month: 0 for January, 1 for February, and so on.
- `dateValue`: (Optional) An integer between 1 and 31 representing the day of the month. If `dateValue` is specified, `monthValue` must also be specified.
```
No first- or second-person pronouns in Docs.

Changes the *`Date`* object in place, and returns its new *`timestamp`*. If a parameter is `NaN` (or other values that get coerced to `NaN`, such as `undefined`), the date is set to Invalid Date and `NaN` is returned.

> ### Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description
```

> If you do not specify the `monthValue` and `dateValue` parameters, the values returned from the *`getUTCMonth()`* and *`getUTCDate()`* methods are used.
> 
> If a parameter you specify is outside of the expected range, `setUTCFullYear()` attempts to update the other parameters and the date information in the *`Date`* object accordingly. For example, if you specify 15 for `monthValue`, the year is incremented by 1 (`yearValue + 1`), and 3 is used for the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `monthValue` and `dateValue` parameters are not specified, the values returned from the *`getUTCMonth()`* and *`getUTCDate()`* methods are used.

If a parameter specified is outside of the expected range, `setUTCFullYear()` attempts to update the other parameters and the date information in the *`Date`* object accordingly. For example, if 15 is specified for `monthValue`, the year is incremented by 1 (`yearValue + 1`), and 3 is used for the month.
```
We don't use pronouns in docs contributions

> ### Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

> ## Description
> 
> If the `monthValue` and `dateValue` parameters are not specified, the values returned from the *`getUTCMonth()`* and *`getUTCDate()`* methods are used.
> 
> If a parameter specified is outside of the expected range, `setUTCFullYear()` attempts to update the other parameters and the date information in the *`Date`* object accordingly. For example, if 15 is specified for `monthValue`, the year is incremented by 1 (`yearValue + 1`), and 3 is used for the month.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `monthValue` and `dateValue` parameters are not specified, the values returned from the `getUTCMonth()` and `getUTCDate()` methods are used.

> **Note:** If a parameter specified is outside of the expected range, `setUTCFullYear()` attempts to update the other parameters and the date information in the `Date` object accordingly. For example, if 15 is specified for `monthValue`, the year is incremented by 1 (`yearValue + 1`), and 3 is used for the month.
```

> Using `setUTCFullYear()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `setUTCFullYear()`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

> 
> 
> ## Examples
> 
> Using `setUTCFullYear()`:
> 
> ```shell
> const theBigDay = new Date();
> theBigDay.setUTCFullYear(1997);
> ```

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion

## Example

Using `setUTCFullYear()`:

```shell
const theBigDay = new Date('2023-03-01');
theBigDay.setUTCFullYear(1997);
console.log(theBigDay);
```

This code will output the following:

```shell
1997-03-01T00:00:00.000Z
```
````
